December 2009

This version does not include the voicing of the input text to be translated nor the translated text. Instead, a "Clear Text" button are used in place of the 
	"Speak Input", the same for "Speak Translation".
	
	25.12.2009
	Version 1.3 is functional on WM 6.5. What is left is to get the compact db finished. Problem has been the appropriate path
		between that used when debugging and that when deployed.
		1141: File path is correct now but the db is not being copied. I have hand-copied the db in this prototype for now as I
			would like to get to Krypto since my time is relatively limited today. The issue seems to be:
			
			Do you deploy the database as part of the application? In that case, the database will be overwritten each time 
			you start the app (Also, you always "deploy to device" from VS). Next time you deploy, uncheck the box saying 
			"Show me this dialog everytime you run the application", and also, change the deploy options of the database to 
			"Never copy" (or better yet, "create the database if not exists"/"use it from a fixed location always on the device", 
			in your device app). Normally, the database will be installed in different locations based on the project build type 
			etc...? For example, debug builds of the project install the database in some folder (bin\debug etc...) and retail 
			builds install it in another place. In other words, please check, if the database used inside the app, is same across 
			invocations?
			
		It is functional now and data can be seen by attaching SQL Server Manager to the Active Sync connection by file path:
			MobileDevice/Program Files/eztranslate/db/SQLSessions.sdf.
			
	For cab buiding help see html file in 'tools' directory.
	
February 2010:
	
	A new graphical design has been applied. Think it is time to improve the desktop version for some smarts firstly.
	
23 March 2010-859:
	
It is time to groom this application for sale in the stores--Cartheur and Microsoft. I would recommend refactoring the project 
"FindWhereShared".

The help form has but some cursory text. Coordination with support tickets in the website would be good. Also, how about 
	a site for m.cartheur.com?
	
I have added a license agreement into the project so that it accompanies the software.

26 March 2010-1155: The display of some language pairs would be corrected if using a "Localized" version of the operating system on 
	the mobile phone. (Goes to help guide.)
	
1703: The code has been cleaned as is ready for the help and user-manual.

Don't forget XML documentation of the code.

12 May 2010-2034: Have gotten this code working again after an extended absence--on the HTC WM6.5.

13 June 2010: Version 1.8 is ready for release.

12 July 2010: The export function needs to be repaired and the bug when one closes the View screeen after having minimized the application and 
	it disappears from the phone. Needs to be tested on the phone when built to see how the error persists.
	1801: I see this has taken over seven months to get a build out for sale. Perhaps is a good idea to focus on business and income before wasting 
		your time with pedantic shit you must do for the shitters.
	1808: Bug has been repaired and I think the orientation is fine enough explaining for the instance and how to reveal the full row view by clicking 
		if the phone can be set to landscape view. Otherwise 'Export' and view in a text viewer, which I must implement lastly.
	2019: I am testing the product for its final phases before the published build. And listening to 90s music.
13 July 2010: In the last phase where I need to include the ability for the user to update the application (messaging would be good in a future 
	version) but need to make sure that if the user is upgrading and not making a new install that the history (the db) is not overwritten by 
	the installer.
	1129: The code for the update function is quite large and intensive. However, it is necessary for all of my products. I will include the code 
		file "LocationMonitor.cs" to include the update code although the remainder of the functions are used primarily for the LBS properties. Yes, 
		but the file is 1000 lines long, I think I will scrap together a code file "UpdateMonitor.cs" with only that which is necessary for brevity.
	1201: The code is in place. Now the question is: how do we use it?
	1207: I have found the hardcoded IPs for the server. I will need to construct a UDP listener on carther.com.
	1212: IP for catheur is 96.31.45.7 port 2669.
	1557: However, I don't know if I can set the port value given the provider. I will test connection to port 80.
	1604: I have set up a region in UpdateMonitor.cs for the UDP test.
	1621: Have sent a support ticket. While waiting will organize the webshop with Paypal coding.
	1752: Will have to spoof the update process for now. Installing VS2010 so I can work heavily with MVC.
	1824: I think the application is ready for publishing.
	1857: Doing some last checks, such as the IMSI number in the About Screen. If all looks good, it's ready to sign off.
	1905: Have allowed a "N/A" to appear in the IMSI field if I cannot retrieve the IMSI with the code I have.
	1912: Don't worry about the overwriting of the database on update since the update service is not complete.
	1916: Cured the mixing of screens coming up from the state "Minimize".
	1920: Added Application.Exit() to the exit event to insure the applilcation is completely disposed of. I think it's ready.
	1924: Have disposed of French since no RTF in the textboxes in this version of WM. Okay. Last tests.
	1928: The last thing is the icon for the application. There maybe something better than Monkey-Man but for this first release, I'll think 
		I'll keep it. So, in the store, we'll use this particular artwork for this version.
	1933: SIGN OFF ON VERSION 1.8.0 OF THIS APPLICATION.
24 July 2010: Repaired some minor problems plus changed the export in a history button as a result of writing the documentation. Version is 
	now 1.8.1 which will publish and see how the market responds.
6 September 2010: Created a new build with a better ViewForm using scroll bars and given length but test report came back saying SQLite error when using "'". Treating 
	it as a bug report and correcting.
	1547: Repaired. Removing data storage of ' was the solution. 
	1603: A descrepancy between versions in the display screen for EN to RU. Has been corrected and put to stick.
	
